update README + Site - release 0.4 (#101)
bow-swift/nef: README.md

<img src="https://travis-ci.org/bow-swift/nef.svg?branch=develop">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/bow-swift/nef">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS-orange" alt="Platforms">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/bow-swift/nef">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dependency%20manager-CocoaPods%20%7C%20Carthage-orange" alt="CocoaPods+Carthage compatible">
</a>
<a href="https://gitter.im/bowswift/bow">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-nef-blueviolet.svg" alt="Gitter">
</a>

</p>

> `nef`, short for [Nefertiti](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nefertiti), mother of Ankhesenamun, is a set tool to ease the **creation of documentation** in the form of Xcode Playgrounds. It provides compile-time **verification** of documentation, exports it in **Markdown** format that can be consumed by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to generate websites, and export [Carbon](https://carbon.now.sh/) snippets for given Xcode Playground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nef`, short for [Nefertiti](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nefertiti), mother of Ankhesenamun, is a toolset to ease the **creation of documentation** in the form of Xcode Playgrounds. It provides compile-time **verification** of documentation, exports it in **Markdown** format that can be consumed by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to generate websites, and export [Carbon](https://carbon.now.sh/) snippets for a given Xcode Playground.
```

`nef` is inspired by [ΛNK](https://github.com/arrow-kt/ank) for Kotlin and [tut](https://github.com/tpolecat/tut) for Scala.

### Features

💡 Eases the creation of Xcode Playgrounds with support for [__third party libraries__](#-creating-a-xcode-playground).

💡 [__Compiles Xcode Playgrounds__](#-compiling-a-xcode-playground) with support for third party libraries from the command line.

💡 Generates [__Markdown__](#-generating-a-markdown-project) project from Xcode Playground.

💡 Generates Markdown files that can be consumed from [__Jekyll__](#-generating-markdown-files-for-jekyll) to create a microsite.

💡 Export [__Carbon__](#-exporting-carbon-code-snippets) code snippets for given Xcode Playgrounds.

&nbsp;

## 💻 Installation

> 📟 **Using** [**Homebrew**](https://github.com/bow-swift/homebrew-nef) (preferred)

Reviewer: Why not using `###` syntax to mark sub sections under `Installation`?

Author: Not sure why I do not use it; changed! Thanks

➜ nef playground
```

<p align="center">
<img src="assets/nef-playground.png" height="100">
</p>

And you can use the following option to specify the name for the Xcode project that you are creating:

```bash
➜ nef playground --name LatestBowProject
```

It will create an Xcode project with support for the latest available version of Bow, named `LatestBowProject`. If you open this `nef playground`, you will have an Xcode Playground where you can import Bow or any of its modules, and start trying some of its features.

By default, `nef playground` will be created for iOS platform. If you need to change it, you can use the `--platform` option.

```bash
➜ nef playground --platform osx
```

> ###

Reviewer: What are these empty section titles?

Author: these are new lines, to add v-spacing between lines. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
